README.md, before:

# Hydra jobsets configuration for nix-ros-overlay

This repository contains definitions of [hydra jobsets][] for
[nix-ros-overlay][].

The jobsets are named as `type-pkgset-arch`, where:

`type` is one of:

- `master`: `master` branch of nix-ros-overlay. Usually, this branch
  is some commits behind `develop` and represents what users should
  use.
- `develop`: `develop` branch of nix-ros-overlay built against a
  pinned version of nixpkgs.
- `unstable`: `develop` branch of nix-ros-overlay built against
  `nixos-unstable` branch of nixpkgs.

`pkgset` is:

- a ROS distro such as `jazzy` or `rolling`, or
- `top`: representing top-level packages (not part of any distro) such
  as `colcon`, `bloom`, etc.
- `examples`: examples from the `examples` subdirectory.
- `all`: all above package sets together. Useful for overall overview
  and easy comparison of different evaluations.

[hydra jobsets]: https://hydra.iid.ciirc.cvut.cz/project/nix-ros-overlay
[nix-ros-overlay]: https://github.com/lopsided98/nix-ros-overlay

## Binary cache

Packages built by these [hydra jobsets][] are available in our
**experimental** binary cache accessible at
https://attic.iid.ciirc.cvut.cz/ros. Packages signatures can be
verified with this public key:
`ros:JR95vUYsShSqfA1VTYoFt1Nz6uXasm5QrcOsGry9f6Q=`.

Commit message:

Add jobsets for ros1-25.05 branch

README.md, after:

# Hydra jobsets configuration for nix-ros-overlay

This repository contains definitions of [hydra jobsets][] for
[nix-ros-overlay][].

The jobsets are named as `type-pkgset-arch`, where:

`type` is one of:

- `master`: `master` branch of nix-ros-overlay. Usually, this branch
  is some commits behind `develop` and represents what users should
  use.
- `develop`: `develop` branch of nix-ros-overlay built against a
  pinned version of nixpkgs.
- `unstable`: `develop` branch of nix-ros-overlay built against
  `nixos-unstable` branch of nixpkgs.
- `ros1`: branch `ros1-25.05` of nix-ros-overlay built against
  `nixos-25.05` branch of nixpkgs.

`pkgset` is:

- a ROS distro such as `jazzy` or `rolling`, or
- `top`: representing top-level packages (not part of any distro) such
  as `colcon`, `bloom`, etc.
- `examples`: examples from the `examples` subdirectory.
- `all`: all above package sets together. Useful for overall overview
  and easy comparison of different evaluations.

[hydra jobsets]: https://hydra.iid.ciirc.cvut.cz/project/nix-ros-overlay
[nix-ros-overlay]: https://github.com/lopsided98/nix-ros-overlay

## Binary cache

Packages built by these [hydra jobsets][] are available in our
**experimental** binary cache accessible at
https://attic.iid.ciirc.cvut.cz/ros. Packages signatures can be
verified with this public key:
`ros:JR95vUYsShSqfA1VTYoFt1Nz6uXasm5QrcOsGry9f6Q=`.
